New Entry and Terms: Java `StringBuilder` (#870)
Codecademy/docs: content/java/concepts/stringbuilder/terms/reverse/reverse.md

---
Title: '.reverse()'

> Description: 'Reverses the sequence of characters in the StringBuilder.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'Returns a modified StringBuilder object with its character sequence rearranged in the opposite order.'
```

Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Characters'
  - 'Strings'
  - 'Methods'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-java'
  - 'paths/computer-science'
---

> The **`.reverse()`** method reverses the sequence of characters in the `StringBuilder`. It returns a reference to the `StringBuilder`. It is the most straightforward way to reverse a string in Java.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`.reverse()`** method returns a modified `StringBuilder` object with its character sequence rearranged in the opposite order. This is the most straightforward way to reverse a string in Java.
```
